so what's going on my friends i am
back to a start in this whole
very big project in this very whole
big house and we are at the moment
this office inside in this corner you
you can not see anything at all
quasi this act is still empty and
I have a question for my subscriber
Of course, under the video in the
Write comments
what should best come here
I hesitate another table what do I know for
you a big trees write yours
opinion to it and I will
install later in this house so
an open window is almost the first
open windows in this very big
This house has been almost ten years
luck, he could theoretically
make a game like this again
one would have to rest altogether
calculate how lucky we are at all
the house has so I have
But that's just starting
a little bit because of the interiors
so to speak, and that heals, but that lasts
You could say that directly
It's over 10 million or already
Local over 15 years of activity are included
events now see same locked
through the house fly direction street
and the biggest one I've extended the web
on 36 times that means we can continue
not only build a house but even
still quite different buildings for example
Maybe a swimming pool will drive you
completely different stuff and just the one
Hammer because alone the house is even
the Bernese among us if you are honest
because that's about over the hours
took all this build up, so to speak
alone and together with friends and
how you can see it that way
just from whole perspectives
You can not go hammergeil photos
you are in these premises
we have our turn, we have everything
already built today and of course later
and shopping center but as I said
Of course that will happen too
Here and here we have a small one
cabinet as you can reintun paper
donors as in real life then have
here we have a computer a computer
paper container or am
Trash where to throw paper
then we can have one
exactly the same survival world a boy
I have a tree directly like that
implanted that you can see it too
how tall that is now I imagine
This year already I wanted that
Of course not because they do otherwise
we have the 11 01 2011 01 21 1 3112
people at us already and that google
bild 4 on the page for google knows yes
Each of you and the Google definitely determines google
whole files and facts then we have
a copier
that was a bit difficult now
Let's go into the room of the gamer
room inside and he is of course already
more but the first picture already has
Colleague of mine made the village picture
I also did it myself
do not walk but he has it alone
made hammergeil thank you very much for this
put on tight and now we fly
times
and here is over exaggerated construction site
Alone here this is all still
Built to be in this one now
hobby space rhine sees you know the yes
hobby room but without the coca cola wanted
we get a bullet in the head
wanted to head then it went up
and when you are up we are here now
to have these things too long
extended here on the left side
no idea what that is i have
just built after me just once
Maybe this is the only way to build it again
make a 3d picture but still there
my own truest already often yes me yes
You can give me my comments
we write the game so find
in my opinion
I have to tear it off so on the right
side is the bedroom and again
on the far right is the nursery if the
want to look at the exact right up here
youtube then you just go the
previous videos with me on my channel
there you will find the bedroom and the
bmx if you use the bathroom
Nursery bedroom national and
also the garage as well as have several
building or
not yet that comes as I said but
We have so many rooms already
unlike this object so fabius the
small fish then there's the obama
small bathroom
then we have this right here
the pokémon species per day he is
I believe
so and next year the garage the picture
I have done recently
and how do you find the picture of the
optics ago that was difficult own
have a total of two and a half hours
used the season so that goes
gta 5 gt5 for that have six and a half
hours needed as we go nevertheless times
but only immediately or I think
he is called there or he looks at the present
I do not think so still there
was still my picture what I was
Now we are lying
Out
ok, I've changed my mind
the videos have been there since you can find
also that gta picture is the very fat logo
used six and a half hours of staff
in the garage no topic once the
videos below click the parts before
and now people are holding tight
chair your girlfriend yourself what the
fuck I do not care but they have one
fat road from this house just
hot
you just have to be so on the
tongue neeson has this blog this
this mesh of bells as a lure
daniel block one block 2
so and now come second place
as I actually meant by the mass
from the blocks the 100,000 gap who
it hardly feels okay I have it again
are times of having a sign and
tenants and of course we have too
Here we are in the dark lanterns
Come on and go out in the bright everything
electronically I do not have nothing there
press no circuit will be in the
but it makes you completely alone
Now we come here to the mass
street is 162 1892 gap something like that needs
you lie on the tongue almost it
is a real taste
thanks mojang that brought out that
fierce project not even
started thinking about it like that and me
I worked before 800 so
started a bit object first
alone and then I thought about it
i have oakley come i am alone i do
month break and then again
made new things and thought so
we need really fat times
things and that I'm through now
the met and you can of course then me
also understand or after
testify on youtube occurs against
same day teams on this house
I would like to do each one individually
Welcome when they come over
would ever and thank you for your
support alone an object or
project object is from object and
a fat project yes you can already
It is getting dark and the lamps are getting dark
go to
as I said I was on my own
on the map and I'm all alone
no one else has pressed and at once
We are already through with
the video I hope you have your own
The next videos are pretty much liked
the next days come out because the
Mankind believe it is very much
work piece by piece to build the resources
that's probably why it comes every day
a video of team my own
house but i try it's human
try that is possible hope hope
at this point and if it is you
let thumbs up
who has subscribed to an abo and constantly
when livestream was a full and then
see us at the next video hotline
euro to dollars